Feat/docs and fix (#85)
rinikerlab/lightweight-registration: docs/source/gettingstarted.rst

    --notebook-dir=/lw-reg --ip='*' --port=8888 \
    --no-browser --allow-root"

Registering Molecules
---------------------
The default configuration (see above), sets your lwreg instance up in molecule mode. 

> In this case, the registration hash is purely based on hashes calculated from the molecule (no 3D information) using the RDKit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the registration hash is purely based on hashes calculated from the molecular topology (no 2D or 3D information) using the RDKit.
```
